Announcer:
PREVIOUSLY ON YU-GI-OH...
Pegasus: SETO KAIBA
HAS ABANDONED
HIS CORPORATE STATION,
AND NOW YOU FIVE
WISH TO SEIZE CONTROL
OF KAIBA CORP.
YOU THEN WANT TO MERGE
WITH MY COMPANY,
AND YOU'D LIKE ME
TO HANDLE
ANY MESSY DETAILS, YES?
Big 2: FOR OUR PLAN
TO SUCCEED,
KAIBA MUST BE TAKEN
OUT OF THE PICTURE
PERMANENTLY.
WE RECOMMEND KIDNAPPING
KAIBA'S BROTHER MOKUBA.
IN NAME, HE WILL
CONTROL KAIBA CORP,
BUT WE WILL CONTROL HIM.
DO THESE THINGS FOR US,
AND WE WILL LAY
ALL OF KAIBA CORP'S TECHNOLOGY
AT YOUR FEET.
AGREED.
Goon:
WE KNOW YOU'RE IN THERE!
OPEN THE DOOR,
OR WE'LL BREAK IT DOWN!
Second goon:
LET'S GO, KAIBA.
MR. PEGASUS WOULD LIKE
TO HAVE A FEW WORDS WITH YOU.
Kaiba: YOU'LL NEVER
TAKE ME ALIVE!
GET HIM!
NOBODY COULD SURVIVE
A FALL LIKE THAT.
MOKUBA!
GET HIM OFF ME.
PUT HIM DOWN NOW.
I'LL CONSIDER IT
IF YOU WIN THE DUEL.
THERE IS YOUR OPPONENT.
[GASPS]
Kemo: HE'S AN OLD FRIEND
WHO'S DYING TO SEE YOU AGAIN.
HE MET WITH AN UNFORTUNATE END
EARLIER TODAY,
BUT HE'S COME BACK
JUST TO DUEL YOU.
[ALL GASP]
Yugi:
KAIBA?
YES, YUGI.
IT'S ME, KAIBA,
AND THIS TIME,
YOU DON'T STAND
A GHOST OF A CHANCE.
[SINISTER LAUGH]
♪ YU-GI-OH,
YU-GU-OH, YU-GI-OH ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
IT'S TIME
TO D-D-D-D-D-DUEL!
[ECHOING]
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
[KEMO LAUGHS]
YUGI, YOU DON'T HAVE
A GHOST OF CHANCE
BEATING KAIBA
BECAUSE THIS TIME
HE IS A GHOST.
A GHOST?
STOP IT, KEMO!
IT'S A FACT.
2 WITNESSES SAW HIM
FALL TO HIS DOOM.
[ALL GASP]
LIAR! TAKE BACK
WHAT YOU SAID!
GET USED TO IT.
ALL THAT'S LEFT
OF KAIBA
ARE YOUR MEMORIES.
PLUS,
A VERY CRANKY GHOST
JUST LOOKING
FOR REVENGE.
IT'S NOT HIM!
WELL, HE'S SEEN
BETTER DAYS.
IT'S TIME TO DUEL
WITH THE GHOUL.
IT CAN'T BE!
THAT GUY'S
NOTHING
BUT A FAKE,
A TRICK
BY PEGASUS.
Yugi:
DON'T WORRY, MOKUBA.
I'LL WIN YOUR FREEDOM.
THEN WE'LL FIND
YOUR BROTHER.
[LAUGHING]
THIS IS EXTREMELY
ENTERTAINING!
I JUST LOVE REALITY TV.
WHO IS YUGI DUELING?
IT'S KAIBA--
WHAT'S LEFT OF HIM.
THE POOR BOY HAD SHOWN
SO MUCH PROMISE.
Croquet: BUT NOW
HE'S--IT'S--HERE.
HOW DID YOU DO THAT?
I REALLY CAN'T
TAKE ALL THE CREDIT.
I HAD HELP FROM YUGI.
Pegasus: AND NOW,
TO RETURN THE FAVOR,
I'M GOING TO TEACH HIM
A LESSON
ABOUT THE REAL POWER
OF THE MILLENNIUM ITEMS.
Kaiba: YUGI, YOU LOOK
LIKE YOU'VE SEEN A GHOST.
THAT'S ENOUGH.
Kaiba: I AM NO LONGER
OF THIS WORLD,
AND IT'S ALL
BECAUSE OF YOU.
I COULD HAVE HAD IT ALL,
BUT WHEN YOU BEAT ME,
YOU TOOK MORE
THAN JUST THE MATCH.
YOU STOLE MY LIFE
AND DESTROYED MY SOUL.
YOU'RE NOTHING
BUT AN IMPOSTOR,
SO STOP THE LIES
AND LET'S START
THE DUEL.
Kaiba: FINE WITH ME.
THIS TIME,
YOU WON'T BEAT MY CARDS.
YOU MIGHT
LOOK LIKE KAIBA,
BUT THERE IS NO WAY
YOU CAN IMITATE
HIS DECK.
YOU MEAN MY DECK.
[GROWLS]
BEAT HIM,
YUGI.
HE'S NOTHING
BUT A FAKE!
YEAH. THAT GHOST DON'T
EVEN LOOK LIKE KAIBA.
THAT'S RIGHT.
Téa: WAIT. I MEAN,
IT'S NOT A GHOST,
AND IT'S NOT KAIBA.
Tristan:
GET HIM, YUGI!
Kaiba: YUGI,
I KNOW YOU CAN HEAR ME.
I KNOW YOU CAN SENSE
MY THOUGHTS,
AND I KNOW THAT YOU
CAN SEE THE TRUTH.
I AM KAIBA,
BUT THIS TIME,
YOU'RE DUELING SOMEONE
WHO'S GOT NOTHING TO LOSE.
KEMO, ONCE I BEAT YUGI,
PEGASUS CAN HAVE
KAIBA CORPORATION.
ALL I WANT IS REVENGE.
3 STARS
SAYS I WIN.
FINE BY ME.
THAT MEANS
WHEN THE DUEL'S DONE,
I'LL HAVE 6!
LET'S DUEL.
GUESS I'LL GO FIRST.
HEH.
AND I'LL START OFF
WITH THE HITOTSU-ME GIANT.
[ROARING]
OH.
MMM.
IS SOMETHING WRONG?
IT'S YOUR TURN
TO MOVE, YUGI.
THE HITOTSU-ME GIANT
IS HOW KAIBA
BEGAN OUR LAST DUEL.
THERE'S A CARD JUST LIKE
THAT IN MY BROTHER'S DECK.
HEY, JUST 'CAUSE
IT'S THE SAME CARD
DOESN'T MEAN
IT'S THE SAME DECK.
[ROARING]
[THINKING]
HE'S TRYING
TO CONFUSE ME
BY MAKING THE SAME
OPENING MOVE
THAT KAIBA DID,
BUT IT'LL HAVE
THE SAME RESULT.
I'LL START
WITH THIS CARD.
GO, DARK MAGICIAN!
WITH AN ATTACK STRENGTH
OF 2500!
Yugi:
DARK MAGIC ATTACK!
Yugi: SO MUCH
FOR YOUR GIANT.
[CHUCKLING]
YOU'RE AS STRONG
AS EVER, YUGI.
[KAIBA GHOST LAUGHING]
DID YOU SEE THAT?
THAT CARBON-COPY KAIBA
IS LAUGHIN'.
[LAUGHING]
IT'S FUNNY HOW THINGS
HAVE COME FULL CIRCLE,
YUGI.
WHAT ARE YOU THINKING
IN THAT FEEBLE BRAIN
OF YOURS RIGHT NOW?
I BET I KNOW.
YOU'VE COME TO THE CONCLUSION
THAT NO MATTER WHAT,
THERE'S NO WAY YOU CAN WIN,
AND YOU COULDN'T
BE MORE RIGHT.
EVEN A SIMPLETON
LIKE YOU
NOW KNOWS THAT
I MUST BE SETO KAIBA,
AND ONCE YOU ACCEPT
THAT FACT,
YOU MAY AS WELL
ACCEPT DEFEAT.
I DON'T CARE
WHO YOU ARE,
YOU'RE GOING
TO LOSE TO ME
JUST THE SAME.
BUT, YUGI,
YOU BARELY BEAT ME
THE LAST TIME WE DUELED.
AND THIS TIME,
YOUR BIG ADVANTAGE IS GONE.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
HEH HEH. EXODIA.
YOU'VE LOST EXODIA.
[GASPS]
YOU COULD
ONLY BEAT ME
WITH EXODIA
IN YOUR DECK.
AND WITHOUT IT,
YOU CAN ONLY LOSE.
[LAUGHING]
♪ DISAPPEAR ♪
♪ OUTTA HERE ♪
♪ IT WAS TIME
TO PAY MY DUES ♪
♪ NEVER GUESSED ♪
♪ THAT YOU'D BE DRESSED ♪
♪ IN MY CLOTHES
AND IN MY SHOES ♪
GET HIM!
NOBODY COULD SURVIVE
A FALL LIKE THAT.
♪ MOVE RIGHT IN ♪
♪ IF I WERE YOU,
I'D BE CONCERNED ♪
♪ EITHER WAY,
YOU'LL COME AGAIN ♪
♪ AND CATCH IT IN ACCOUNT
ON MY RETURN ♪
♪ I THOUGHT YOU WERE
A SOLDIER ♪
♪ YOU HAD IT ALL
UNDER CONTROL ♪
♪ NOW ENOUGH IS ENOUGH ♪
♪ I'M GONNA TAKE BACK
WHAT YOU STOLE ♪
♪ GIVE IT UP ♪
♪ 'CAUSE NOW I'M BACK ♪
Computer: RUNNING IDENTITY
VERIFICATION PROTOCOL.
PLEASE STATE YOUR NAME.
SETO KAIBA.
Computer: I THOUGHT
I'D SEEN IT ALL,
BUT HAVING TO BREAK
INTO YOUR OWN HOUSE?
IT'S TOO LONG A STORY
FOR RIGHT NOW.
Computer:
TOO LONG A STORY?
WELL, MAYBE I'M NOT IN SUCH
A TALKATIVE MOOD MYSELF
RIGHT NOW.
I'D FIND THAT
HARD TO BELIEVE.
SUCH A SMART GUY.
WHILE YOU WERE OFF
GALLIVANTING,
A HOSTILE TAKEOVER
OF KAIBA CORPORATION
HAS BEGUN.
I KNOW.
AT THE SAME TIME,
MAXIMILLION PEGASUS KICKED OFF
HIS DUEL MONSTERS CHAMPIONSHIP
AT THE DUELIST KINGDOM.
IF YUGI MOTO CAN BE
DEFEATED BY PEGASUS,
OR A COMPETITOR
THAT REPRESENTS HIM,
THEN THE NEW
KAIBA CORPORATION BOARD
HAS PROMISED HIM CONTROL
OF THE COMPANY.
HE WON'T WIN.
YUGI'S UNBEATABLE.
HIS DECK HAS EXODIA.
EXODIA
OBLITERATE!
AAH!
Computer: YEAH, WELL,
SOME TIME
AFTER YOU LOST TO YUGI,
HE LOST EXODIA.
NO WAY!
WHEN IT RAINS, IT POURS.
PEGASUS KNOWS ALL ABOUT
THE CORPORATION BYLAWS
THAT REQUIRE
A LIVING KAIBA HEIR
TO MAKE ANY CHANGE
OF CONTROL LEGAL.
MOKUBA'S HIS PRISONER,
AND WITH YOU OUT OF THE WAY,
IT'S LIKELY PEGASUS
WILL EXERT ALL KINDS
OF PRESSURE
TO MAKE YOUR BROTHER
DO WHAT HE WANTS,
ONE WAY OR ANOTHER.
SO, NOW YOU KNOW.
WHAT ARE WE GONNA DO?
THEY'LL KEEP
MY BROTHER SAFE,
AT LEAST UNTIL
THE TAKEOVER'S COMPLETE.
SO, I'VE GOT TO MAKE
SURE PEGASUS
DOESN'T DEFEAT YUGI
IN A DUEL
NO MATTER WHAT.
I'M NOT GONNA GIVE UP
KAIBA CORPORATION
WITHOUT A REAL FIGHT.
IT'S TAKEOVER TIME
BY ME.
WE'RE GOING TO HACK
RIGHT INTO PEGASUS'
COMPUTER MAINFRAME.
NEXT STOP,
THE DUELIST KINGDOM!
Yugi: ARE YOU HERE
TO PLAY HEAD GAMES
OR DUEL MONSTERS?
IT'S TIME FOR YOUR MOVE.
[CHUCKLING]
AND IT'S
GONNA BLOW YOUR MIND.
THIS NEXT CARD'S
A BLAST FROM THE PAST,
YUGI...
WITH THE EMPHASIS
ON "BLAST."
[GASPS]
I ATTACK
WITH THE BLUE EYES WHITE DRAGON.
[ROARING]
[GASPS]
ONLY ONE DECK
HAS GOT THAT CARD.
THAT MEANS, WHAT THEY SAY--
COULD IT BE TRUE?
[ROARING]
[KAIBA GHOST LAUGHS]
LOOKS LIKE THE ADVANTAGE
IS MINE.
[THINKING] SO THIS
REALLY IS KAIBA'S DECK.
THERE'S NO
OTHER EXPLANATION.
BUT DOES THAT MEAN
THAT KAIBA--
KAIBA IS REALLY--?
DON'T WORRY, YUGI.
MY FEELINGS WEREN'T HURT
WHEN YOU CALLED ME A LIAR.
NOW ADMIT THAT YOU
WERE WRONG.
[GRUNTS]
[CHUCKLES]
NOT HAVING A REAL BODY
ISN'T SO BAD.
YOU WOULD NOT BELIEVE
WHAT I SAVE IN FOOD BILLS ALONE.
BUT I STILL GET TO ENJOY
THE FINER THINGS IN LIFE,
LIKE REVENGE,
AND I'M GOING TO SAVOR
ITS SWEET TASTE
FOR A VERY LONG TIME.
SHUT UP! PLEASE, SOMEONE
MAKE HIM GO AWAY!
HEH. ALMOST BREAKS MY HEART--
IF I HAD ONE.
[GRUNTS]
Computer: WE'VE EASILY
BROKEN THROUGH
THE DUELIST KINGDOM
COMPUTER SYSTEM.
TOO EASY. OK.
WHEN IT COMES
TO COMPUTER DUELS,
PEGASUS HAS MET
HIS MATCH.
NOW IT SHOULD BE
A PIECE OF CAKE
TO FIND THE FIELD
IN WHICH YUGI IS DUELING.
Computer:
I'M LOOKIN', I'M LOOKIN'.
ACCESS DENIED?!
WHAT DID
YOU DO WRONG?
DON'T BLAME ME.
I FINALLY FOUND
THE SECURITY,
AND IT'S ALL AROUND
YUGI'S DATA.
AH, I SHOULD'VE KNOWN.
FINE BY ME, PEGASUS.
GO AHEAD AND GIVE IT
YOUR BEST SHOT.
THERE ISN'T
A COMPUTER SYSTEM
ANYWHERE ON EARTH
THAT I CAN'T BREAK INTO.
HERE'S THE THING:
EVERY COMPUTER
HAS A BACK DOOR
IF YOU KNOW
WHERE TO LOOK.
AND GUESS WHERE
WE'RE GONNA LOOK.
BEATS ME.
IT'LL BE QUICKER
IF I TAKE OVER
ON MANUAL
FOR A WHILE.
DATA FROM
ALL THE DUELS
IS BEING BEAMED
FROM THE ISLAND
TO AN ORBITING
INDUSTRIAL ILLUSIONS
SATELLITE
AND BACK DOWN
TO THEIR MAINFRAME.
THESE TRANSMISSIONS
ARE OBVIOUSLY
HIGHLY ENCRYPTED.
IF WE CAN
SOMEHOW FORCE
THE INDUSTRIAL
ILLUSIONS COMPUTER
OFF-LINE,
I'M SURE THEIR
BACKUP SYSTEMS
WON'T HAVE
AS MUCH SECURITY.
Computer: ARE YOU SAYIN'
WE CAN MAKE THEIR COMPUTER
CRASH...
FROM HERE?
BUT HOW?
A COMPUTER CRASH
IS EXACTLY WHAT
I HAD IN MIND.
THE BIGGEST COMPUTER
CRASH EVER.
AND I'M GOING TO USE
PEGASUS' OWN SATELLITE
TO DO IT.
Computer:
BUT I'VE ALREADY TRIED
TO HACK INTO THEIR SYSTEMS.
MY IDEA'S DIFFERENT.
ONCE THE SECURITY IS DOWN,
WE SHOULD BE ABLE
TO FREELY ACCESS THE DATA.
BE READY WITH A SEARCH
FOR THE DARK MAGICIAN.
Computer: GOTCHA.
DARK MAGICIAN INQUIRY
LOADED AND STANDING BY.
GOOD. IF YUGI'S DUELING,
HE'S SURE TO USE THAT CARD.
Computer:
SO SPILL IT ALREADY.
HOW THE HECK
ARE WE GOING TO USE
INDUSTRIAL ILLUSION'S
OWN SATELLITE
TO BRING DOWN
THEIR COMPUTER?
BY BRINGING DOWN
THE SATELLITE ITSELF--
DOWN ALL THE WAY!
Computer: LOADING
SATELLITE SCHEMATICS.
M-CLASS TRITON SERIES.
BOOSTER ROCKET CONTROLS
ON LINE.
LOCATING ORBITAL
COORDINATES.
BREACHING ONBOARD
COMPUTER SECURITY.
YOU ARE NOW
THE PROUD OWNER
OF AN INDUSTRIAL
ILLUSIONS SATELLITE.
GREAT. NOW PLOT
A CRASH COURSE
FOR THE COMPUTER
MAINFRAME.
Computer: UPLOADING
NEW COORDINATES NOW.
[ROCKET ENGINES FIRING]
Computer: WE ARE
LOCKED ON TARGET
FOR THE COMPUTER.
HMM. VIRUS SOFTWARE
WON'T STOP THIS.
PEGASUS!
YOU'RE ON NOTICE
THAT THE KAIBA
CORPORATION'S
STILL MINE!
Computer:
SATELLITE IMPACT
IN 10 SECONDS.
[KAIBA GHOST LAUGHING]
I WON'T ATTACK JUST YET.
WHY RUSH TO VICTORY
WHEN I CAN DRAW IT OUT
AS LONG AS POSSIBLE
INSTEAD?
HUH? THERE'S MORE TO IT
THAN THAT.
HE'S HIDING
SOME SORT OF MAGIC CARD,
I KNOW IT!
Yugi: DARK MAGICIAN,
GO TO DEFENSIVE MODE.
AND I SUMMON CURSE OF DRAGON
ON THE DEFENSE AS WELL.
[SCREECHES]
SMART PLAYING, YUGI.
UNFORTUNATELY,
IT WASN'T SMART ENOUGH.
YOU PLAYED RIGHT
INTO MY HAND.
DEFENSE PARALYSIS!
A TRAP!
[SCREECHES]
HMM, NOW ALL
YOUR MONSTER CARDS
ON THE FIELD
HAVE BEEN SWITCHED
INTO ATTACK MODE.
[GASPS]
YUGI!
WHILE THAT DEFENSE
PARALYSIS CARD'S
ON THE FIELD,
MY MONSTERS CAN'T
DEFEND THEMSELVES.
I'VE GOT TO THINK
OF A WAY OUT.
HA! IT'S TIME!
BLUE EYES WHITE DRAGON,
USE YOUR WHITE LIGHTNING!
UHH!
WELL, SO MUCH
FOR YOUR CURSE OF DRAGON.
YUGI!
NO DARK MAGICIAN THERE.
NEXT FIELD.
Computer: WE'VE EXHAUSTED
ALMOST EVERY POSSIBILITY
OF LOCATING YUGI MOTO.
HUH?
Computer: FIELD 146 IS
THE FINAL ACTIVE DUEL.
THEN HE'S GOTTA
BE THERE.
SEARCH FIELD 146.
Computer:
YOU GOT IT.
WHAT'S THAT?!
LOOKS LIKE I CRASHED.
REBOOT.
BACK ON LINE.
ENTER FIELD 146.
Computer:
I'M FROZEN AGAIN.
HUH?
IT'S WORSE THIS TIME.
HANG ON.
WATCH THIS.
GOTCHA.
JUST AS I THOUGHT.
SO, A VIRUS.
A GOOD ONE.
THAT MEANS
JUST ONE THING.
SEARCHING FOR YUGI'S CARDS
ACTIVATES THE VIRUS.
YUGI'S INSIDE.
GET READY TO GO IN.
Computer:
BUT THE SECURITY DOOR!
WE'VE COME THIS FAR ALREADY,
AND I'M NOT GONNA BLOW IT!
ACTUALLY, YES I AM.
HUH?
WHAT'S THAT?!
Computer:
IT'S A VIRTUAL FORTRESS.
SENSORS INDICATE
THAT ALL OF THE DATA
FROM YUGI'S DUELS
IS PROCESSED HERE.
YOU WON'T BLOW YOUR WAY
THROUGH THIS THING.
IT'S THE ULTIMATE DEFENSE,
AND IT'S IMPOSSIBLE
TO PENETRATE
WITHOUT THE PASSWORD.
HMM, A PASSWORD.
IF I KNOW PEGASUS,
THAT EGOMANIAC
WOULD NEVER THINK
THAT ANYONE WOULD
OUTSMART HIM
AND GET
EVEN THIS FAR.
WE'RE GOING IN!
Computer:
THE PASSWORD?
HA! PEGASUS.
HA.
[THINKING] HOW CAN I DEFEAT
HIS BLUE EYES WHITE DRAGON?
HA HA HA!
YUGI, YOU GOTTA
ADMIT FOR A STIFF
THIS KAIBA'S
SURE GOT GAME!
THAT'S NOT MY BROTHER!
THERE'S JUST NO WAY!
YUGI, YOU KNOW
THAT'S NOT HIM.
EVERYONE THINKS
HE'S A BAD GUY,
BUT I KNOW MY BROTHER,
AND HE'S NOT MEAN LIKE THIS.
HE'S MY BEST FRIEND
IN THE WHOLE WORLD.
THAT THING'S NOT HIM!
UHH! YOU JUST GOTTA
BELIEVE ME!
[THINKING] I WISH I COULD
BE AS SURE AS YOU, MOKUBA.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT TO BELIEVE.
THE ONLY THING
I DO KNOW FOR SURE,
THIS DUEL'S NOT OVER YET.
Yugi:
MAGICAL HATS!
CONCEAL
THE DARK MAGICIAN.
HUH?
Yugi: HE'S
UNDER THERE SOMEWHERE,
BUT WHICH ONE?
HMM. ARE YOU SO DESPERATE
THAT YOU HAVE
YOUR DARK MAGICIAN
DOING SIMPLE HAT TRICKS?
IT'S NOT A TRICK,
AND IT'S NOT SO SIMPLE.
YOUR MOVE, BUT YOU'D
BETTER THINK TWICE
BEFORE YOU CHOOSE.
JUST DO THE MATH.
4 HATS, ONLY 25% CHANCE
YOU'LL FIND
THE DARK MAGICIAN.
THE REAL QUESTION IS,
WHAT ELSE IS HIDING
BENEATH THOSE HATS?
WAY TO GO, YUGI!
HEY, THAT'S WHAT
I LIKE TO CALL
PULLIN' ONE
OUTTA YOUR HAT!
[GASPS] ALL RIGHT!
Computer: YOU WERE RIGHT
ABOUT THE PASSWORD.
THE VIRTUAL FORTRESS
IS UNLOCKED.
WE NOW HAVE ACCESS
TO YUGI'S DATA,
AND IT WAS JUST HIS TURN.
PEGASUS THINKS
HE CAN MAKE UP
ALL THE RULES
IN THIS GAME,
BUT HE COULD
NEVER HAVE IMAGINED
THIS BRAND-NEW TWIST.
I'M BACK!
HMM, SO PREDICTABLE.
I KNOW WHERE
THE DARK MAGICIAN HIDES.
IF YOU'RE SO SURE,
THEN MOVE.
IT'S A SHAME THIS DUEL'S
GOING TO END SO SOON.
WHITE LIGHTNING!
[THINKING] IF HE ATTACKS
THE RIGHT HAT,
I'LL LOSE MORE
THAN JUST THIS DUEL.
MUCH MORE!